Here’s how you can convert the provided JavaScript code into Python, including the appropriate comments and structure:
Python Code
python
def greet(name):
    """ 
    Greets someone with a personalized message.

    Logs a personalized greeting message, using the provided name as input.

    Args:
        name (str): The name to include in the personalized message.
    """
    if not isinstance(name, str) or not name.strip():
        print('Hello, Guest!')
    else:
        print(f'Hello, {name.strip()}!')


def sum(arr):
    """ 
    Calculates the sum of all elements in an array.

    Takes a list of numbers as input and returns the sum of all the elements. 
    If the list is empty, it returns 0.

    Args:
        arr (list): The list of numbers to sum.
    
    Returns:
        int: The sum of all elements of the list.
    
    Raises:
        TypeError: If the input is not a list.
    """
    if not isinstance(arr, list):
        raise TypeError('Expected an array of numbers')

    return sum(arr)
Explanation of the Python Code
Function greet(name):
Docstring: Describes the function's purpose, parameters, and behavior, similar to the JavaScript comments.
Input Validation: Checks if name is a string and not empty. If not, it prints a generic greeting. Otherwise, it prints a personalized greeting.
Function sum(arr):
Docstring: Explains the function's purpose, input parameters, return value, and any potential exceptions.
Input Validation: Checks if the input arr is a list; if not, it raises a TypeError.
Summation: Uses the built-in sum() function to calculate the total of the list elements.
Note
Python uses indentation for code blocks rather than braces {}.
The built-in sum function in Python already sums up elements, so there's no need for a custom implementation using reduce. However, if you want to mimic the JavaScript behavior closely, you could implement it with a loop or reduce, but using Python’s built-in sum is more idiomatic and efficient.
The print statements are used instead of console logging since Python does not have a console.log function.