To convert the provided Java function signature to a Python function signature, we will translate Java's syntax and typing system to Python's. Here's how you can do it:
Function Definition: In Python, the def keyword is used to define a function.
Type Hints: Python supports type hints, which can be used to specify the expected types of parameters and return values. We will use str for the file path and dict for the map equivalent.
Exception Handling: Python does not use checked exceptions in the same way Java does, but we can still note that a FileNotFoundError might be raised if the file does not exist.
Here's the equivalent Python function signature based on your Java code:
python
from typing import Dict, Any

def parse_json_file(file_path: str) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """
    Parses a JSON file and stores its contents in a dictionary.

    :param file_path: The path to the JSON file to be parsed. The file must exist and contain valid JSON.
                      The path should be a fully qualified path or relative to the current working directory.
    :return: A dictionary containing the key-value pairs parsed from the JSON file. If the JSON
             file is empty or contains only simple key-value pairs without nested structures, the resulting
             dictionary will be correspondingly simple. The function returns an empty dictionary if the file is empty.
    :raises FileNotFoundError: If the specified file does not exist or cannot be opened. This exception
                               is caught within the function and logged to the standard output, but it might be
                               more appropriate in a real-world application to rethrow it or handle it in a way 
                               that informs the user more effectively.
    """
    pass  # Implementation goes here
Key Points Explained:
from typing import Dict, Any: This import allows us to use Dict for the dictionary type and Any for values that can be of any type.
Function Signature: def parse_json_file(file_path: str) -> Dict[str, Any]: indicates that the function takes a string argument file_path and returns a dictionary with string keys and values of any type.
Docstring: The docstring is formatted similarly to Java's comments, explaining the parameters, return value, and exceptions.
You can now implement the function body to handle JSON file parsing as needed.