To convert the Java function signature you provided into Python, we will follow Python's syntax for defining functions, including parameter typing and docstring formatting. Here’s how the Java function signature translates into Python:
Java Function Signature
java
/**
 * Calculates the value of a cubic Bezier curve at a given parameter t.
 *
 * @param t  The parameter value between 0 and 1 that represents a position along the curve.
 * @param p0 The first control point of the curve, typically where the curve starts.
 * @param p1 The second control point, which influences the tangent at the beginning of the curve.
 * @param p2 The third control point, which influences the tangent at the end of the curve.
 * @param p3 The fourth control point, typically where the curve ends.
 * @return The point on the Bezier curve corresponding to the parameter t.
 */
public static double bezier(double t, double p0, double p1, double p2, double p3) {}
Python Function Signature
python
def bezier(t: float, p0: float, p1: float, p2: float, p3: float) -> float:
    """
    Calculates the value of a cubic Bezier curve at a given parameter t.

    :param t: The parameter value between 0 and 1 that represents a position along the curve.
    :param p0: The first control point of the curve, typically where the curve starts.
    :param p1: The second control point, which influences the tangent at the beginning of the curve.
    :param p2: The third control point, which influences the tangent at the end of the curve.
    :param p3: The fourth control point, typically where the curve ends.
    :return: The point on the Bezier curve corresponding to the parameter t.
    """
    pass  # Implementation would go here
Explanation of Changes:
Function Definition: The public static double bezier from Java is translated to def bezier in Python. The public and static keywords are not needed in Python.
Type Annotations: Each parameter is annotated with float types, and the return type is indicated with -> float.
Docstring Format: Python uses triple quotes for docstrings, which provide documentation for the function, including parameters and return values, similar to Java's Javadoc comments.
Implementation Placeholder: The pass statement is used as a placeholder where the actual implementation would go.
Example Usage
This function can then be called in Python like so:
python
result = bezier(0.5, 0, 1, 2, 3)
This signature defines the method correctly in Python while maintaining the documentation style and clarity provided in the original Java code.